NARRATOR: With his
eighth Gym badge on the line,
Ash challenged
the Snowbelle Gym.
However, Gym Leader Wulfric
dealt him a crushing defeat.
Counting his previous
battle with Sawyer,
it was Ash's second loss
in a row and afterward,
Ash disappeared
into the forest alone.
FLETCHLING X 2: [CHIRPING]
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
CLEMONT: Greninja's gone, too?
NURSE JOY: Its strength is back,
so there's really
nothing to worry about.
Any idea where it went?
BONNIE:
I want to know where, too.
SERENA:
Maybe Greninja went after Ash
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
ASH: I want... I need to pull
it together. I've got no choice!
ASH: I have to.
BONNIE:
About Ash. He'll be back, right?
CLEMONT:
No need to worry, Bonnie.
PIKACHU: [INSPIRED]
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
NOIVERN: [APPEARING]
HAWLUCHA: [APPEARING]
TALONFLAME: [APPEARING]
PIKACHU: [EXPLAINING]
NOIVERN: [QUESTIONING]
PIKACHU: [SAD]
HAWLUCHA: [DETERMINED]
CLEMONT/PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
HAWLUCHA: [STARTLED]
BONNIE: Hey. Where's Serena?
JESSIE:
What's up with the Twerp?
MEOWTH: Maybe he's sick.
JAMES: Staring into space?
JESSIE: Don't look at me.
MEOWTH: Hey, this just
might work out for us.
JESSIE: Pikachu time!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH:
Go and catch it
GRENINJA: [PAINED]
SCEPTILE: [LEAF BLADE MOVE]
AVALUGG: [GYRO BALL MOVE]
GRENINJA: [PAINED]
GRENINJA: [ASHAMED]
SERENA: Ash?!
ASH: I'm sorry. I shouldn't
have just left you like that.
SERENA: Ash,
if something is bothering you,
you can talk to me.
I'll listen. Anytime you want!
SERENA:
Seriously. Anytime, anywhere.
SERENA: I know how you feel.
I've been there!
SERENA: Remember when I
really goofed at the Showcase?
ASH: You don't have
a clue how I feel!
SERENA: Then tell me about it!
ASH: It's none of your business!
Leave me alone!
SERENA: The Ash I know is
full of energy. He's a leader.
Always tries his best.
He's always positive.
And he never gives up! He hangs
in there until the very end!
You're not acting
like the Ash I know!
SERENA:
Stop! Give me back the real Ash!
Because you sure aren't him!
ASH: Real Ash? Whoa.
ASH: Oh, man!
SENTRET/BUDEW/ODDISH:
[FRIGHTENED]
FLETCHLING X 3: [STARTLED]
ASH: I've had enough of this!
I'm over thinking it.
It's making my head hurt.
I've gotta get myself in gear!
ASH: If there's
something I don't understand,
all I've gotta do is get moving!
ASH: I'll figure it out!
BIDOOF: [SCARED]
SNORLAX: [SLEEPY]
SNORLAX: [SNORING]
ASH: That was close!
BIDOOF: [PANICKING]
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
HAWLUCHA: [EXERTION]
TALONFLAME/NOIVERN: [CALLING]
BONNIE:
Now Serena disappeared, too.
This is no fun!
CLEMONT: I'm sure
they'll both be back soon.
Look! See? I told you!
HAWLUCHA: [SURPRISED]
CLEMONT:
Serena! Where have you been?
SERENA: Drop it!
BONNIE:
Think something happened?
BONNIE: It's snowing!
NURSE JOY:
Everyone please come in!
NURSE JOY: The snow is
supposed to get heavy.
CLEMONT: Oh, okay.
PIKACHU: [BACK] [QUESTIONING]
SERENA: Who cares?!
PIKACHU: [INSISTENT]
SERENA: All right!
All right! I know! I know!
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
BONNIE: Serena, something wrong?
SERENA:
I'm going to drag Ash back
before the weather gets
any worse! It's dangerous!
BONNIE: I'm going, too!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
HAWLUCHA: [AGREEMENT]
NOIVERN: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT:
I've gotta get my backpack!
ASH:
Sorry about today, Greninja.
If I had just been stronger.
I should've been able to
draw out your true power.
ASH: If only I was stronger...
GRENINJA: [FRUSTRATED]
ASH: I should be fine here.
What a storm.
PIKACHU: [RUNNING] [CALLING]
BONNIE: Ash, where are you?!
SERENA: Ash, please! Answer us!
SERENA:
He was right around here before.
LUXRAY: [LOOKING]
CLEMONT:
Luxray, can you see Ash?
LUXRAY: [NEGATIVE RESPONSE]
TALONFLAME: [CALLING]
SERENA: Hey, Ash!
BONNIE: Can't see a thing!
DEDENNE: [AGREEMENT]
PIKACHU: [RUNNING]
JESSIE, JAMES: So!
PIKACHU: [STARTLED]
JESSIE:
Well, well, all alone, eh?
JAMES: No finer
Pikachu than a Twerpless one.
MEOWTH: I call interception!
WOBBUFFET: [AGREEMENT]
PIKACHU: [THREATENING]
JAMES: No. Not that old trick!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH/WOBBUFFET:
[SCREAMING]
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
JESSIE: Did you feel that?
MEOWTH: Hardly.
JAMES: It tickled me a little
bit. See, it usually hurts here.
WOBBUFFET: [AGREEMENT]
MEOWTH: Come on!
Give us your best shot!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
JESSIE/JAMES: Best?
MEOWTH:
Zap us like you mean it, kid!
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
JESSIE: I think your
battery needs recharging!
WOBBUFFET: [AGREEMENT]
PIKACHU: [ANGRY]
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH:
We and our big mouths!
JESSIE/JAMES: No blast off?
WOBBUFFET: [CONFUSED]
JESSIE: Your Thunderbolt stinks.
PIKACHU: [UNSURE]
JAMES: Why the lack of pep?
MEOWTH:
No Twerp may mean no zap.
JAMES:
I'd say catching a weak Pikachu
hardly seems worth the bother.
JESSIE: I agree. Think of the
zapping we'd get from the Boss!
WOBBUFFET: [AGREEMENT]
JESSIE: Let's go home.
JAMES/MEOWTH:
Where the heart is!
PIKACHU:
[QUESTIONING] [SHIVERING]
SERENA: Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [STARTLED]
PIKACHU: [JUMPING]
SERENA: Pikachu, what's wrong?
PIKACHU: [MISERABLE]
SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE/PIKACHU/
BRAIXEN/LUXRAY: [BRACING]
CLEMONT: We need to find
Ash before it gets any worse!
SERENA: Ash.
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Oddish!"
BONNIE: Clemont?!
CLEMONT:
Bonnie, are you all right?!
BONNIE: I'm wobbly!
SQUISHY: [DETERMINED]
SQUISHY: [SEEKING]
SQUISHY: [JUMPING]
BONNIE: Wait. Squishy?
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
SQUISHY: [ACKNOWLEDGING]
BONNIE: Look, Clemont!
BONNIE:
Squishy found a safe place!
CLEMONT:
We should take a break for now.
SERENA: Okay.
SERENA: Oh, Ash.
I hope you're all right.
BONNIE: Don't worry. It's okay.
SERENA: Thanks. But I let
something he said get to me,
and I said something
really terrible back to him.
SERENA: It's just...
It's just that I
admire Ash so much.
CLEMONT:
Me, too. Ash is one of a kind.
PIKACHU: [REASSURING]
CLEMONT: We'll get
back to looking for him
as soon as the storm lets up.
ASH: Hey,
I won't hurt you. Come here!
ASH: See? It's okay!
ASH ‐ YOUNG:
You see? It's okay, everyone!
BUDEW/ODDISH/SENTRET/SCATTERBUG:
[QUESTIONING]
ASH: You'll be warmer in here.
Let's stay together!
ZIGZAGOON/BUDEW/ODDISH/
SENTRET/SCATTER BUG: [RUNNING]
ASH: That's it. Come in.
ASH: See that?
I told you it'd be warmer.
BUDEW/ODDISH/SENTRET/
SCATTERBUG/ZIGZAGOON: [HAPPY]
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
SPEWPA X6: [CRYING]
ASH: Spewpa!
'Kay, everybody sright here!
GRENINJA: [NOTICING]
GRENINJA: [SURPRISED]
ZYGARDE 10%: [EXPLAINING]
GRENINJA: [QUESTIONING]
GRENINJA: [GRATEFUL]
ASH: 'Kay, oore to go!
Hang in there!
ASH: Over here!
SPEWPA: [FRIGHTENED]
ASH: Sure!
You can do it! Just be strong.
ASH: Come with me, please.
Get back with your friends!
SPEWPA: [JUMPING]
ASH: All right! You're awesome.
SPEWPA X 5: [TERRIFIED]
GRENINJA: [HAPPY]
ASH: Greninja!
SPEWPA: [FRIGHTENED]
ASH: Spewpa!
GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
SPEWPA: [CRYING]
ASH: Spewpa's in trouble!
GRENINJA: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: But the two of us
can fix that together!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [APPEARING]
ASH: Let's do it!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SPEWPA: [RELIEVED]
ASH:
Dodge that branch! Go right!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [DODGING]
ASH: Another one! Dodge it!
ASH: All right, slow down!
ASH: There!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [FLIPPING]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [OVERCOME]
ASH, ASH‐GRENINJA: WE DID IT!
ASH: Don't worry,
Spewpa, you're safe now.
SPEWPA X 6: [EXCITED]
ASH: Greninja.
ASH: Thanks so much.
GRENINJA: [ACCEPTING]
ASH: Sorry I worried you.
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: You know what?
This happened once before.
GRENINJA: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: When I was just a kid.
ASH:
I always wanna meet new Pokémon,
so one time I went into
the forest alone and got lost.
ASH: I brought some Pokémon
in out of the rain with me,
just like what we're doing now.
ASH: I was so happy.
I thought about how much I
wanted to become a Trainer,
so I could travel
around with my Pokémon.
ASH: I'm sorry, Greninja.
I know that I promised
we'd become stronger together.
ASH:
I realized it when I was alone.
After I told Sawyer
I'd win my eighth badge,
I wanted it so bad, I had to
beat Wulfric, no matter what!
ASH: I got impatient.
I thought I'd have to do it
all 'cause I'm the Trainer.
That's not teamwork.
Teamwork is n a team
becomes strong together.
ASH: My friends are
here right next to me.
Friends I really care about.
ASH: Spewpa?
I was totally determined to help
you out, too, no matter what.
ASH: But I was able to do it
because Greninja was with me.
GRENINJA: [TOUCHED]
ASH: Please, Greninja.
Lend me your strength.
Let's start from zero, again!
ASH: As a team!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH:
You're all gonna be okay now.
SPEWPA X6/BUDEW/ODDISH/SENTRET/
SCATTER BUG/ZIGZAGOON: [HAPPY]
SPEWPA X 5: [SURPRISED]
ASH: Wow
GRENINJA: [PLEASED]
VIVILLON X 6: [SINGING]
CLEMONT: The snow stopped.
SERENA: I hope Ash is all right.
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
BONNIE/DEDENNE/SQUISHY:
[WONDERING]
BONNIE: What is that?
SQUISHY: [PLEASED]
ASH: Hey, guys!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
ASH: Pikachu!
I'm sorry if I made you worry.
BONNIE:
Hey! We've been looking for you.
CLEMONT: I'm glad you're okay.
ASH: I'm sorry, everyone!
GRENINJA: [AGREEMENT]
SERENA: Uh, Ash.
ASH: Thanks, Serena.
ASH: What you said
made me snap out of it.
SERENA: I'm glad. Welcome back.
CLEMONT/BONNIE/DEDENNE: [HAPPY]
SQUISHY: Can you hear me?
Ash and Greninja thought
of each other even
while they were apart.
They combined their strengths,
and the bond between
them is stronger than ever.
I think this world,
full of people and Pokémon
Is it possible that's
something we can believe in?
GRENINJA: [ALERT] [CUT MOVE]
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/
BONNIE/PIKACHU: [STARTLED]
JAMES: Salutations!
ASH: Team Rocket?!
JESSIE: We've been waiting
patiently for you to come back.
JAMES: Pikachu!
I'll bet you're ecstatic!
MEOWTH: And primed for picking!
PIKACHU: [ANGRY]
GRENINJA: [SURPRISED]
JAMES: Ooh! We are
feeling better, aren't we?
JESSIE:
That's the spirit we adore!
Gourgeist, use Dark Pulse!
JAMES: Inkay, you use Psybeam!
GOURGEIST, INKAY:
[DARK PULSE MOVE] [PSYBEAM MOVE]
ASH:
Pikachu, Thunderbolt, let's go!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH/WOBBUFFET/
GOURGEIST/INKAY:
[EXCITED] [ZAPPED]
MEOWTH: There it is!
Just like old times!
JESSIE:
The power that refreshes!
JAMES: And it's worth the wait!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH/WOBBUFFET/
GOURGEIST/INKAY: [YELLING]
JESSIE: Refreshing!
A zap for the history books!
MEOWTH: Which means,
time to get our eyes
back on the Pikachu prize.
JAMES: Worthy and wise!
JESSIE: So it's back to plan A!
WOBBUFFET: [AGREEMENT]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH:
We're blasting off again,
but having a nice day!
WOBBUFFET: [AGREEMENT]
GOURGEIST: [AGREEMENT]
INKAY: [AGREEMENT]
BONNIE: Look, everybody!
Lumiose City's on TV!
CLEMONT: Wow. Wonder why.
MC: It has been decided
that the next Kalos League
will take place in Lumiose City!
ASH: Yeah! Lumiose City, huh?
MC:
All the exciting preparations
are currently under way.
Which means, it's sure to
be as stupendous as ever!
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
ASH: I know. We're there!
Whaddaya say, Greninja?
Let's really show them!
GRENINJA: [STERN]
ASH: Greninja! What's wrong?
GRENINJA: [OFFERING]
ASH: I get it, Greninja.
ASH: I won't lose my way again.
We will get to the League.
But first? The Snowbelle Gym!
GRENINJA: [AGREEMENT]
NARRATOR: It looks as if the
Snowbelle Gym is about to have
some repeat visitors,
as the journey continues!